[Hold] Platform UI: Embed and chunk recommender (#408)
Unstructured-IO/docs: platform/embedding.mdx

title: Embedding
---

<Tip>
    To get help choosing and setting an embedding provider and model for your 
    [Custom](/platform/workflows#create-a-custom-workflow) workflows, 

>     [request an embed recommendation from Unstructured](/platform/recommend).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [request an embedding model recommendation from Unstructured](/platform/recommend).
```?
